Set the Program Name field in the Subject section of each template that requires it to the value of "cf_product" from the source (original) ticket.

Special cases:
1. Always remove "Benchmark" from "cf_product" and add the remainder. 

Example:
cf_product = Benchmark Advance California c2017

Set the Program Name field in the Tracker templates to: Advance California c2017


2. If "cf_product" = "Not Product Specific", then leave Program Name blank

3. If "cf_product_type" = "Benchmark Advance" AND "cf_product" begins with a "-" or a "c" with 4 numbers immediately after, like "c2017", then Add the word "Advance" before the "cf_product" value and set it as the Program Name.

Example 1:
cf_product_type = Benchmark Advance
cf_product = c2017

Set the Program Name field in the Tracker templates to: c2017

Example 2:
cf_product_type = Benchmark Advance
cf_product = - c2017

Set the Program Name field in the Tracker templates to: - c2017

4. If "cf_product_type" = "Benchmark Adelante" AND "cf_product" begins with a "-" or a "c" with 4 numbers immediately after, like "c2017", then Add the word "Adelante" before the "cf_product" value and set it as the Program Name.

Example 1:
cf_product_type = Benchmark Adelante
cf_product = c2023

Set the Program Name field in the Tracker templates to: c2023

Example 2:
cf_product_type = Benchmark Advance
cf_product = - c2023

Set the Program Name field in the Tracker templates to: - c2023


5. If "cf_product_type" = "Listos Y Adelante" AND "cf_product" begins with a "-" or a "c" with 4 numbers immediately after, like "c2017", then Add the word "Listos Y Adelante" before the "cf_product" value and set it as the Program Name.

Example 1:
cf_product_type = Listos Y Adelante
cf_product = c2022

Set the Program Name field in the Tracker templates to: c2022

Example 2:
cf_product_type = Listos Y Adelante
cf_product = - c2023

Set the Program Name field in the Tracker templates to: - c2023


6. IF the source (original) ticket "cf_product_type" = "Supplemental" AND "cf_product_subsection" of the source ticket IS NOT "null" THEN set the Program Name field in the tracker template to the "cf_product_subsection" value of the source (original) ticket. 

Examples below of "cf_product_type",  "cf_product", and "cf_product_subsection" combo values of the source (original) ticket that would meet these requirements:

Example 1:
cf_product_type = Supplemental
cf_product = Assessments
cf_product_subsection = Comprehension Strategy Assessment

*Correct value to set the Program Name field in the Subject section to: Comprehension Strategy Assessment

Example 2:
cf_product_type = Supplemental
cf_product = Phonics Intervention
cf_product_subsection = Phonics Intervention: Level 1

*Correct value to set the Program Name field in the Subject section to: Phonics Intervention: Level 1



7. IF the source (original) ticket "cf_product_type" = "Supplemental" AND "cf_product_subsection" of the source ticket IS "null" THEN set the Program Name field in the tracker template to the value of the "cf_product" field from the source (original) ticket. 


Examples below of "cf_product_type",  "cf_product", and "cf_product_subsection" combo values of the source (original) ticket that would meet these requirements:

Example 1:
cf_product_type = Supplemental
cf_product = Oral Reading Records
cf_product_subsection = null

*Correct value to set the Program Name field in the Subject section to: Oral Reading Records

Example 2:
cf_product_type = Supplemental
cf_product = ACT Now!
cf_product_subsection = null

*Correct value to set the Program Name field in the Subject section to: ACT Now!


8. IF the source (original) ticket "cf_product_type" IS NOT "Supplemental" AND both "cf_product" and "cf_product_subsection" fields are "null" THEN set the Program Name field in the tracker template to the value of "cf_product_type" from the source (original) ticket, removing "Benchmark" from "cf_product_type" if present.

Examples below of "cf_product_type", "cf_product", and "cf_product_subsection" combo values of the source (original) ticket that would meet these requirements:

Example 1:
cf_product_type = Benchmark Advance
cf_product = null
cf_product_subsection = null

*Correct value to set the Program Name field in the Subject section to: Advance

Example 2:
cf_product_type = Benchmark Adelante
cf_product = null
cf_product_subsection = null

*Correct value to set the Program Name field in the Subject section to: Adelante

Example 3:
cf_product_type = Assess 360
cf_product = null
cf_product_subsection = null

*Correct value to set the Program Name field in the Subject section to: Assess 360

Example 4:
cf_product_type = Ready To Advance
cf_product = null
cf_product_subsection = null

*Correct value to set the Program Name field in the Subject section to: Ready To Advance

9. IF the source (original) ticket "cf_product" is ONLY a copyright number (like "c2023" or "- c2023") THEN combine the "cf_product_type" value with the "cf_product" value, then remove "Benchmark" from the result if present.

Examples below of "cf_product_type", "cf_product", and "cf_product_subsection" combo values of the source (original) ticket that would meet these requirements:

Example 1:
cf_product_type = Benchmark Advance
cf_product = c2022
cf_product_subsection = some subsection

*Correct value to set the Program Name field in the Subject section to: Advance c2022

Example 2:
cf_product_type = Benchmark Adelante
cf_product = c2023
cf_product_subsection = some subsection

*Correct value to set the Program Name field in the Subject section to: Adelante c2023

Example 3:
cf_product_type = Benchmark Advance
cf_product = - c2022
cf_product_subsection = some subsection

*Correct value to set the Program Name field in the Subject section to: Advance - c2022

Example 4:
cf_product_type = Assess 360
cf_product = c2023
cf_product_subsection = some subsection

*Correct value to set the Program Name field in the Subject section to: Assess 360 c2023

